# Hardware in the Loop - 2019-20
This is the project code for the unfinished Hardware in the Loop project for BURPG. The goal of this project was to provide an all-in-one platform capable of simulating typical sensor data during a rocket flight to test the response of the Pursuit rocket's avionics and controls systems. Included are various design documents and presentations, the Rotom FPGA project, the Ditto PlatformIO/Arduino project, and preliminary work on Simulink integration. This project was designed to use both a [Teensy 3.6](https://www.pjrc.com/store/teensy36.html) microcontroller and [Cmod A7](https://digilent.com/reference/programmable-logic/cmod-a7/start) FPGA to spoof sensor data on various communication protocols and feed this data to a Flight Computer. Data would be generated by a "Flight Profile" model in Simulink. This data would be fed to the "Ditto" Teensy microcontroller, running custom written Arduino drivers to turn this data into expected responses from various sensors. This data would be fed through the "Rotom" FPGA to allow additional bit manipulation for important applications like spoofing various I2C slave addresses, and then sent to the flight computer. Flight computer responses would be sent back down the pipeline and influence the model in Simulink, allowing for sophisticated flight response simulation. The state of this project when cancelled was the completion of drivers for all of the sensors we were testing (in collaboration with Ryuichi Ohhata), working Verilog modules for changing I2C addresses and inout direction, and preliminary work on Simulink integration. My work on this project ended due to leaving BURPG for part-time work at Teradyne in Fall 2020, as well as slow progress on receiving the Simulink model to be able to test any of this work with flight profile data. Both the Ditto and Rotom projects are fully-functioning and could be reused in the future.